My advice to you is get married: If you find a good wife you’ll be happy; if not, you’ll become a philosopher
If you want to be sure that you never forget your wife’s birthday, just try forgetting it once
Before you marry a person, you should first make them use a computer with slow Internet service to see who they really are
Never criticize your spouse’s faults; if it weren’t for them, your mate might have found someone better than you
Never go to bed mad. Stay up and fight
Instead of getting married again, I’m going to find a woman I don’t like and give her a house
Behind every great man is a woman rolling her eyes
Adults are always asking children what they want to be when they grow up because they’re looking for ideas
A perfect parent is a person with excellent child-rearing theories and no actual children
Just be good and kind to your children. Not only are they the future of the world, they’re the ones who can sign you into a home
When I was a kid my parents moved a lot, but I always found them
If you are not yelling at your kids, you are not spending enough time with them
When your mother asks, ‘Do you want a piece of advice?’ it is a mere formality. It doesn’t matter if you answer yes or no. You’re going to get it anyway
Kids are expensive, I didn’t even realize how broke I was until last year someone stole my identity and it ruined her life
I want my children to have all the things I couldn’t afford. Then I want to move in with them
It seems I have spent a lifetime of mouthing mechanically, ‘Say thank you. Sit up straight. Use your napkin. Close your mouth when you chew. Don’t lean back in your chair.’ Just when I finally got my husband squared away, the kids came along
There is no such thing as fun for the whole family
There are two classes of travel—first class and with children
Happiness is having a large, caring, close-knit family in another city
When your children are teenagers, it’s important to have a dog so that someone in the house is happy to see you
A dog teaches a boy fidelity, perseverance, and to turn around three times before lying down
If dogs could talk, it would take a lot of fun out of owning one
If you think dogs can’t count, try putting three dog biscuits in your pocket and then giving Fido only two of them
The cat could very well be man’s best friend but would never stoop to admitting it
Cats are smarter than dogs. You can’t get eight cats to pull a sled through snow
In order to maintain a well­-balanced perspective, the person who has a dog to worship him should also have a cat to ignore him
Thousands of years ago, cats were worshipped as gods. Cats have never forgotten this
Friends are God’s way of apologizing to us for our families
The statistics on sanity are that one out of every four Americans is suffering from some form of mental illness. Think of your three best friends. If they’re okay, then it’s you
The holy passion of friendship is of so sweet and steady and loyal and enduring a nature that it will last through a whole lifetime, if not asked to lend money
Always forgive your enemies; nothing annoys them so much
The Bible tells us to love our neighbors, and also to love our enemies; probably because they are generally the same people
If you can’t beat them, arrange to have them beaten
If you want to know what God thinks of money, look at the people he gave it to
Before borrowing money from a friend, decide which you need most
Never keep up with the Joneses. Drag them down to your level. It’s cheaper
People say money is not the key to happiness, but I have always figured if you have enough money, you can have a key made
Anybody who tells you money can’t buy happiness never had any
Misers are no fun to live with, but they make great ancestors
Anyone can do any amount of work, provided it isn’t the work he is supposed to be doing at that moment
I like work; it fascinates me. I can sit and look at it for hours
Doing nothing is very hard to do. You never know when you’re finished
Hard work never killed anybody, but why take a chance?
Don’t go around saying the world owes you a living. The world owes you nothing. It was here first
All I’ve ever wanted was an honest week’s pay for an honest day’s work
A college education is one of the few things a person is willing to pay for and not get
In real life, I assure you, there is no such thing as algebra
True terror is to wake up one morning and discover that your high school class is running the country
The secret of staying young is to live honestly, eat slowly, and lie about your age
You are only young once. After that you have to think up some other excuse
By the time you’re 80 years old you’ve learned everything. You only have to remember it
You can’t believe everything you hear—but you can repeat it
A gossip is a person who creates the smoke in which other people assume there’s fire
The only thing worse than being talked about is not being talked about
If you can’t be kind, at least be vague
It’s so much easier to suggest solutions when you don’t know too much about the problem
Any fool can criticize, condemn and complain—and most do
People can’t drive you crazy if you don’t give them the keys
Sometimes you lie in bed at night and you don’t have a single thing to worry about. That always worries me!
Keep your temper. Nobody else wants it
If God did not intend for us to eat animals, then why did he make them out of meat?
Never eat more than you can lift.
When the waitress asked if I wanted my pizza cut into four or eight slices, I said, ‘Four. I don’t think I can eat eight
Not all chemicals are bad. Without hydrogen and oxygen, for example, there would be no way to make water, a vital ingredient in beer
I always cook with wine. Sometimes I even add it to the food
Always do sober what you said you’d do drunk. That will teach you to keep your mouth shut
All the things I like to do are either immoral, illegal, or fattening
Health nuts are going to feel stupid someday, lying in hospitals dying of nothing
Be careful about reading health books. You may die of a misprint
It is useless to try to hold a person to anything he says while he’s madly in love, drunk, or running for office
The only time some fellows are ever seen with their wives is after they’ve been indicted
If our Founding Fathers wanted us to care about the rest of the world, they wouldn’t have declared their independence from it
If at first you don’t succeed, try, try again. Then quit. There’s no use being a damn fool about it
It is not enough to succeed. Others must fail
Thankfully, perseverance is a great substitute for talent
Some cause happiness wherever they go; others whenever they go
Whoever said money can’t buy happiness simply didn’t know where to go shopping
One of the keys to happiness is a bad memory
A bore is the kind of man who, when you ask him how he is, he tells you
She never lets ideas interrupt the easy flow of her conversation
He can compress the most words into the smallest idea of any man I know
By the time someone says, ‘To make a long story short,’ it’s too late
There but for the grace of God, goes God
He is a self-made man and worships his creator
The nice thing about egotists is that they don’t talk about other people
People who think they know everything are a great annoyance to those of us who do
An optimist is someone who falls off the Empire State Building, and after 50 floors says, ‘So far so good
The nice part about being a pessimist is that you are constantly being either proven right or pleasantly surprised
The optimist proclaims that we live in the best of all possible worlds; and the pessimist fears this is true
I’m not offended by blonde jokes because I know I’m not dumb…and I also know that I’m not blonde
We use 10% of our brains. Imagine how much we could accomplish if we used the other 60%.
My definition of an intellectual is someone who can listen to the William Tell Overture without thinking of the Lone Ranger
When it doubt, look intelligent
Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I’m not sure about the universe
Think of how stupid the average person is and realize half of them are stupider than that
User: the word computer professionals use when they mean ‘idiot
If stupidity got us into this mess, then why can’t it get us out?
According to most studies, people’s number one fear is public speaking. Number two is death. Death is number two. Does that seem right? That means to the average person, if you have to go to a funeral, you’re better off in the casket than doing the eulogy
I don’t believe in reincarnation, and I didn’t believe in it when I was a hamster
Always go to other people’s funerals; otherwise they won’t come to yours
If you want to achieve greatness stop asking for permission. ~Anonymous
Things work out best for those who make the best of how things work out. ~John Wooden
To live a creative life, we must lose our fear of being wrong. ~Anonymous
If you are not willing to risk the usual you will have to settle for the ordinary. ~Jim Rohn
Trust because you are willing to accept the risk, not because it's safe or certain. ~Anonymous
Take up one idea. Make that one idea your life - think of it, dream of it, live on that idea. Let the brain, muscles, nerves, every part of your body, be full of that idea, and just leave every other idea alone. This is the way to success. ~Swami Vivekananda
All our dreams can come true if we have the courage to pursue them. ~Walt Disney
Good things come to people who wait, but better things come to those who go out and get them. ~Anonymous
If you do what you always did, you will get what you always got. ~Anonymous
Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm. ~Winston Churchill
Just when the caterpillar thought the world was ending, he turned into a butterfly. ~Proverb
Successful entrepreneurs are givers and not takers of positive energy. ~Anonymous
Whenever you see a successful person you only see the public glories, never the private sacrifices to reach them. ~Vaibhav Shah
Opportunities don't happen, you create them. ~Chris Grosser
Try not to become a person of success, but rather try to become a person of value. ~Albert Einstein
Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people. ~Eleanor Roosevelt
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work. ~Thomas A. Edison
If you don't value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents- start charging for it. ~Kim Garst
A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him. ~David Brinkley
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent. ~Eleanor Roosevelt
The whole secret of a successful life is to find out what is one's destiny to do, and then do it. ~Henry Ford
If you're going through hell keep going. ~Winston Churchill
The ones who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, are the ones that do. ~Anonymous
Don't raise your voice, improve your argument. ~Anonymous
What seems to us as bitter trials are often blessings in disguise.~ Oscar Wilde
The meaning of life is to find your gift. The purpose of life is to give it away. ~Anonymous
The distance between insanity and genius is measured only by success. ~Bruce Feirstein
When you stop chasing the wrong things you give the right things a chance to catch you. ~Lolly Daskal
Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great. ~John D. Rockefeller
No masterpiece was ever created by a lazy artist.~ Anonymous
Happiness is a butterfly, which when pursued, is always beyond your grasp, but which, if you will sit down quietly, may alight upon you. ~Nathaniel Hawthorne
If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough. ~Albert Einstein
Blessed are those who can give without remembering and take without forgetting. ~Anonymous
Do one thing every day that scares you. ~Anonymous
What's the point of being alive if you don't at least try to do something remarkable. ~Anonymous
Life is not about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself. ~Lolly Daskal
Nothing in the world is more common than unsuccessful people with talent. ~Anonymous
Knowledge is being aware of what you can do. Wisdom is knowing when not to do it. ~Anonymous
Your problem isn't the problem. Your reaction is the problem. ~Anonymous
You can do anything, but not everything. ~Anonymous
Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower. ~Steve Jobs
There are two types of people who will tell you that you cannot make a difference in this world: those who are afraid to try and those who are afraid you will succeed. ~Ray Goforth
Thinking should become your capital asset, no matter whatever ups and downs you come across in your life. ~Dr. APJ Kalam
I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have. ~Thomas Jefferson
The starting point of all achievement is desire. ~Napolean Hill
Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day-in and day-out. ~Robert Collier
If you want to achieve excellence, you can get there today. As of this second, quit doing less-than-excellent work. ~Thomas J. Watson
All progress takes place outside the comfort zone. ~Michael John Bobak
You may only succeed if you desire succeeding; you may only fail if you do not mind failing. ~Philippos
Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear - not absense of fear. ~Mark Twain
Only put off until tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone. ~Pablo Picasso
People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing - that's why we recommend it daily. ~Zig Ziglar
We become what we think about most of the time, and that's the strangest secret. ~Earl Nightingale
The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary. ~Vidal Sassoon
The best reason to start an organization is to make meaning; to create a product or service to make the world a better place. ~Guy Kawasaki
I find that when you have a real interest in life and a curious life, that sleep is not the most important thing. ~Martha Stewart
It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see. ~Anonymous
The road to success and the road to failure are almost exactly the same. ~Colin R. Davis
The function of leadership is to produce more leaders, not more followers. ~Ralph Nader
Success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking how you do it. ~Maya Angelou
As we look ahead into the next century, leaders will be those who empower others. ~Bill Gates
A real entrepreneur is somebody who has no safety net underneath them. ~Henry Kravis
The first step toward success is taken when you refuse to be a captive of the environment in which you first find yourself. ~Mark Caine
People who succeed have momentum. The more they succeed, the more they want to succeed, and the more they find a way to succeed. Similarly, when someone is failing, the tendency is to get on a downward spiral that can even become a self-fulfilling prophecy. ~Tony Robbins
When I dare to be powerful - to use my strength in the service of my vision, then it becomes less and less important whether I am afraid. ~Audre Lorde
Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect. ~Mark Twain
The successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus. ~Bruce Lee
Take up one idea. Make that one idea your life -- think of it, dream of it, live on that idea. Let the brain, muscles, nerves, every part of your body, be full of that idea, and just leave every other idea alone. This is the way to success. ~Swami Vivekananda
Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success. ~Dale Carnegie
If you don't design your own life plan, chances are you'll fall into someone else's plan. And guess what they have planned for you? Not much. ~ Jim Rohn
If you genuinely want something, don't wait for it -- teach yourself to be impatient. ~Gurbaksh Chahal
Don't let the fear of losing be greater than the excitement of winning. ~Robert Kiyosaki
If you want to make a permanent change, stop focusing on the size of your problems and start focusing on the size of you! ~T. Harv Eker
You can't connect the dots looking forward; you can only connect them looking backwards. So you have to trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future. You have to trust in something - your gut, destiny, life, karma, whatever. This approach has never let me down, and it has made all the difference in my life. ~Steve Jobs
Successful people do what unsuccessful people are not willing to do. Don't wish it were easier, wish you were better. ~Jim Rohn
The number one reason people fail in life is because they listen to their friends, family, and neighbors. ~Napoleon Hill
The reason most people never reach their goals is that they don't define them, or ever seriously consider them as believable or achievable. Winners can tell you where they are going, what they plan to do along the way, and who will be sharing the adventure with them. ~Denis Watiley
In my experience, there is only one motivation, and that is desire. No reasons or principle contain it or stand against it. ~Jane Smiley
Success does not consist in never making mistakes but in never making the same one a second time. ~George Bernard Shaw
I don't want to get to the end of my life and find that I lived just the length of it. I want to have lived the width of it as well. ~Diane Ackerman
You must expect great things of yourself before you can do them. ~Michael Jordan
Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going. ~Jim Ryun
People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing. ~Dale Carnegie
There is no chance, no destiny, no fate, that can hinder or control the firm resolve of a determined soul. ~Ella Wheeler Wilcox
Our greatest fear should not be of failure but of succeeding at things in life that don't really matter. ~Francis Chan
You've got to get up every morning with determination if you're going to go to bed with satisfaction. ~George Lorimer
To be successful you must accept all challenges that come your way. You can't just accept the ones you like. ~Mike Gafka
Success is...knowing your purpose in life, growing to reach your maximum potential, and sowing seeds that benefit others. ~ John C. Maxwell
Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice. ~Wayne Dyer
To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream, not only plan, but also believe.~ Anatole France
Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no help at all. ~Dale Carnegie
You measure the size of the accomplishment by the obstacles you had to overcome to reach your goals. ~Booker T. Washington
Real difficulties can be overcome; it is only the imaginary ones that are unconquerable. ~Theodore N. Vail
It is better to fail in originality than to succeed in imitation. ~Herman Melville
Fortune sides with him who dares. ~Virgil
Little minds are tamed and subdued by misfortune; but great minds rise above it. ~Washington Irving
Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor. ~Truman Capote
Don't let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do. ~John R. Wooden
You may have to fight a battle more than once to win it. ~Margaret Thatcher
